Israelis have now come to the point
where they believe that the solution to
their problems is to basically uh
ethnically cleanse Palestinians from
Gaza and then eventually from the West
Bank in order to do that you need to
create a catastrophe and to create a
self- sustaining catastrophe you
dismantle those parts of life that make
life manageable in a place like a and so
you go after the water desalination
plants you dismantle the sewage system
you then destroy the health system while
wounding 40,000 and so that once the war
is over there are epidemics there is
infectious diseases and people sit and
watch their wounded loved ones die in
front of their eyes and so the war
continues after the bullets and the
bombs
stop